How to add photos to the gallery:
    1.) go to the joomla administration panel: micro.biology.dal.ca/administrator 
    2.) go to Content->Media Manager
    3.) select 'Laroche research gallery' in the left panel
    4.) any photos uploaded into this gallery will be displayed on the website's photo gallery
How to add an article to Joomla:
    Through the main website(micro.biology.dal.ca/):
        1.) Click Login in the bottom right
        2.) Login using an account with editor privileges
        3.) Click 'Create Article' in the bottom right
        4.) Add your content using the text editor displayed
        5.) Click on 'Publishing'
        6.) Set the Category to whichever page you would like your article displayed on
        7.) Click 'Save'
    Through the administrator interface(micro.biology.dal.ca/administrator):
        1.) Login using an account with administrator privileges
        2.) Go to Content->Article Manager
        3.) click 'New'
        4.) Add your content using the text editor displayed
        5.) on the right hand side of the page set the category to whichever page you would like your article displayed on
        6.) Click 'Save'
How to add a user to Joomla:
    1.) Login to the administrator interface(micro.biology.dal.ca/administrator) using an admin account
    2.) Click on Users->User Manager
    3.) Click 'New'
    4.) Fill in account details
    5.) Go to 'Assigned User Groups' and add the user to whichever groups are necessary
        -to publish articles the user should be a part of: author, editor, and publisher
        -to access the administrator interface they should be a part of: Administrator
    6.) Click 'Save'

How to install the BlastSearch.pm plugin:
    1.) Copy the plugin into the GBrowse plugins folder(default: /etc/gbrowse2/plugins/
    2.) Add the plugin to the plugin line of the configuration file for whichever datasources should have the plugin enabled
        or add it to the GBrowse.conf file to add the plugin to every datasource

        sample plugin line: "plugins     = BlastSearch TrackDumper RestrictionAnnotator SequenceDumper TrackDumper Submitter AlignTwoSequences"
